Let's Next add a functionality to invalidate the token.
After one hour because tokens were turned by firebase are only valid for this one hour for security
reasons.
We actually get the expiry time as part of the response.
It's stored in expires in field and you can always console log the response of the log in or sign up
requests to see which fields are included or of course check the official docs there.
You can also see that there is a expires in a field which holds to number of seconds until the token
expires.
So it expires after one hour right now or we get devalued anyways.
I now want to set a timer whenever we got the token and whenever we set it.
So essentially here when they commit set token this is where I also want to start a timer to invalidate
the token for this.
First of all add a new mutation which I would call clear token here I get my state and the only thing
I'd do in here is I'd set token equal to null again to get rid of it.
This should be executed offered the expiry time.
So I'll now add a new action after authenticated user which I'll call set log out timer here I expect
to get my duration when this should expire.
And that will then set a timer with set timeout where I will execute some code and this anonymous function
ofter duration.
That's the idea.
Now the thing I want to do here is of course something I get from my Buick's context which is my first
argument and each action and there I simply commit clear token so I clear my token offer duration.
I want to dispatch this action whenever I set the token.
So here I will call view x context.
Dispatch does function is available on the context.
Set log out timer and pass result is the response of all requests result expires in remember death the
field which holds the amount of time in seconds.
Now the timer sets time or takes a duration and milli seconds though.
So it will multiply does with 1000.
This will now set a timer that invalidates the token after Does expiry time.
Now that's a good first step.
But it still doesn't help us with the problem that we're actually not persisting to token across page
refreshes.
So this is something else I will tackle and it will do so in the next lecture.